README.adoc, before:

// == VS Code Extensions

// .Click to view my VS Code extensions.
// [%collapsible]
// ====
// https://github.com/brobeson/ctest-lab[CTest Lab] 🧪:: Integrate https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/manual/ctest.1.html[CTest]-based tests with VS Code.
// https://github.com/brobeson/vscode-checkwriting[VS Code Check Writing] 📝:: Proofread your writing in VS Code.
// https://github.com/brobeson/vscode-cmake-lint[VS Code CMake Lint] 🔧:: Run https://github.com/cheshirekow/cmake_format[cmake-lint] on your CMake scripts and CMakeLists.txt files.
// https://github.com/brobeson/vscode-cppcheck[VS Code Cppcheck] 🔧:: Run https://github.com/danmar/cppcheck[Cppcheck] on your C and C++ code.
// https://github.com/brobeson/vscode-lizard[VS Code Lizard] 🔧:: Run https://github.com/terryyin/lizard[Lizard] complexity analysis on your code.
// ====

== Reusable Workflows

I have https://docs.github.com/en/actions/using-workflows/reusing-workflows[reusable GitHub workflows] that others may use.
Read the https://github.com/brobeson/brobeson/blob/reusable_workflows/.github/workflows/README.md[documentation] for general information.
Read each workflow's documentation for specific information about that workflow.

[horizontal]
https://github.com/brobeson/brobeson/blob/reusable_workflows/.github/workflows/README.md#support-files[Support File Quality]:: Check for spelling mistakes, documentation lint, and formatting errors.
// https://github.com/brobeson/brobeson/blob/reusable_workflows/.github/workflows/README.md#typescript[TypeScript Build & Test]:: Build a https://www.typescriptlang.org/[TypeScript] project and run tests.
// https://github.com/brboeson/brobeson/blob/reusable_workflows/.github/workflows/README.md#cpp[C++ & CMake Build, Test, & Package]:: Build, test, and package a C++ project with CMake.

// == Publications

// * B. Robeson, M. Javanmardi, and X. Qi, "Object tracking using temporally matching filters," _IET Computer Vision_, vol. 15, no. 4, pp. 245–257, Mar. 2021. [Online]. Available: https://ietresearch.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/abs/10.1049/cvi2.12040
// https://github.com/brobeson/brobeson/blob/fb9805119104bd57929e5744db4e975b4026901d/publications.bib#L1-L13

Commit message:

Reformat my profile README
I changed the layout of the reusable workflow content and added a
release badge.

README.adoc, after:

// == VS Code Extensions

// .Click to view my VS Code extensions.
// [%collapsible]
// ====
// https://github.com/brobeson/ctest-lab[CTest Lab] 🧪:: Integrate https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/manual/ctest.1.html[CTest]-based tests with VS Code.
// https://github.com/brobeson/vscode-checkwriting[VS Code Check Writing] 📝:: Proofread your writing in VS Code.
// https://github.com/brobeson/vscode-cmake-lint[VS Code CMake Lint] 🔧:: Run https://github.com/cheshirekow/cmake_format[cmake-lint] on your CMake scripts and CMakeLists.txt files.
// https://github.com/brobeson/vscode-cppcheck[VS Code Cppcheck] 🔧:: Run https://github.com/danmar/cppcheck[Cppcheck] on your C and C++ code.
// https://github.com/brobeson/vscode-lizard[VS Code Lizard] 🔧:: Run https://github.com/terryyin/lizard[Lizard] complexity analysis on your code.
// ====

== Reusable Workflows

[cols="1,1,1"]
|===
|https://github.com/brobeson/SupportFileQuality[Support File Quality]
|image:https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/brobeson/SupportFileQuality?sort=semver&logo=github[GitHub Release]
|A reusable workflow to ensure quality in dot files 
|===

// == Publications

// * B. Robeson, M. Javanmardi, and X. Qi, "Object tracking using temporally matching filters," _IET Computer Vision_, vol. 15, no. 4, pp. 245–257, Mar. 2021. [Online]. Available: https://ietresearch.onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/abs/10.1049/cvi2.12040
// https://github.com/brobeson/brobeson/blob/fb9805119104bd57929e5744db4e975b4026901d/publications.bib#L1-L13
